[Music]
this is James he has two passions in
life wildlife and speed random I know
but to each his own right now James is
warming up to combine these two passions
in one epic challenge he wants to outrun
as many creatures on earth as he can how
far through the animal kingdom do you
think he'll get let's find out sorry
Jimmy but the chances don't look good
humans aren't that fast like anyone else
James walks at a humble average of three
miles per hour
good news though he's already faster
than a lot of other land inhabiting
creatures for example insects and other
bugs are fast only for their tiny sizes
our competitive friend here can easily
outpaced almost every single one of them
really even house centipedes those
little monsters move nightmarishly fast
you other animals with more comparable
sizes to humans like sloths koalas and
giant tortoises are also left far behind
sloths live in places where it's too
risky to move fast because predators
will see them so they move at a sluggish
0.15 miles per hour in giant tortoises
clock out at a max of 1/3 of a mile per
hour but these animals are among the
slowest on our planet so finally it's
time for Jimbo to put on his running
shoes James is really fit and he's been
preparing for this day his whole life
that's why 15 miles per hour
is just a jog for him even though it's
the average speed other people run at
yep this pace is good enough for us
because we can outrun all pesky vermin
like rats and mice as well as all
spiders and snakes in the world the
leading competitor here is the sixth
line race runner a great name for a
lizard that can show James how he won't
keep up oh oh hurry up fella
James wants to go for high league levels
of animal running so he kicks it up to
Olympic speeds 28 miles per hour the
fastest running speed ever recorded for
a human being animals like elephants
squirrels and even polar bears are
stopping to catch their breath behind
our speedy friends back this is a
strange point where a human can outrun a
polar bear but he won't hold for long
against a grizzly bear better throw some
honey to distract it hey honey
check out that bear yeah that one this
is also the point where slim jim decides
to face the truth speed is not
humankind's strongest attribute but
intelligence and ingenuity are with his
thought James jumps on a bike 40 miles
per hour that's about the top speed he
can reach on a bicycle without the help
of a motor it's just enough to escape
from all the bears and canines like
jackals dogs and wolves but he still
can't catch up with a brown hare they
can clock at 48 miles per hour but hey
at least James wins the race against a
simple house cat what about their big
cousins that rule the African grasslands
lions can run a staggering 50 miles per
hour that's about the same as their
favorite food source the blue wildebeest
Tigers are even faster with a speed of
60 miles per hour and of course the
absolute champ of top speeds on this
planet
the cheetah nothing could be sweeter
than a fleeta sprinting cheetah yeah I
kind of made that up zipping through the
prairies at 75 miles per hour it's
crucial for these predators as they
chase down extremely fast pronghorn
antelope these horned creatures can
easily beat a lion on a race track to
match the speed of a cheetah James can't
keep relying solely on his own body
strength and endurance
this time he hops in a car nothing too
flashy or fast a simple sedan that can
handle typical highway speeds with no
problem
but we humans have come up with some
unbeatable land machines powerful race
cars and even jet cars
capable of breaking the sound barrier
with a top speed of 765 miles per hour
I guess we technically win the battle on
ground but what if jimmy-boy challenges
some animals from the marine world again
there's no way he can do it without one
of humanity's fancy inventions it's much
harder for us humans to move underwater
as it's denser than air and requires a
much more streamlined body shape for
speed with our bulky torsos and lanky
arms and legs we just don't have what it
takes
never mind all the hair covering us well
buddy what are you waiting for dive in
the maximum speed James can hope to
achieve without flippers it's just 3
miles per hour that's barely enough to
swim past the eels but he's easily
moving past crabs and starfish well yeah
duh these bottom dwellers don't even
need to move for most of their lives not
the mightiest contestants out there but
wait what's that behind you in the
distance something triangular sticking
up out of the water is that a shark
hurry Jim put on a diving suit you
better swim for your life with that wet
suit covering his mane million hair and
those flippers on his feet James can now
swim a lot faster 8 miles per hour
he's on par with most land animals
swimming skills and he could have swim
most penguins and sea otters but those
great whites are catching up fast and
it's no wonder they're moving at 30
miles per hour they're right at his feet
it's only seconds before they open their
wide jaws and oh I can't look James are
you ok well aren't you the sly one more
lucky you jumped into that sailboat at
the last minute he's now sailing smooth
at 18 miles per hour granted those great
whites can swim way faster than that but
only in short bursts see they're already
tired now the boat is faster than
humpback whales sea lions and small fish
but Jimmy crack corn is already wanting
to up the ante
this time he hops on a giant cruise
liner it's roaring engines can
accelerate this metal
up to 35 miles per hour leaving behind
barracudas dolphins and octopuses yeah
those eight-legged creatures can't swim
surprisingly fast at 25 miles per hour
looks like it's time to take this
challenge to a whole nother level James
finds a speedboat and whips around the
water at 90 miles per hour careful buddy
told crash and congratulations you're
moving way faster than a Marlin which
can only go up to 50 miles per hour oh
yeah and you've passed the world's
fastest fish the sailfish which clocks
out at 68 miles per hour the only thing
that's left for our champ to conquer is
the skies to talk about human
capabilities and flying is not even a
joke oh by the way do you prefer zooming
through the water the skies or on land
and some rock ride car let me know down
below anyway right from the get-go
James need something to lift him up
looks like he's opted for a jet pack
because well who wouldn't when given a
choice up in the sky poking holes in the
clouds at 65 miles per hour Jimmy boy is
already among the flying record breakers
all the pigeons sparrows and blackbirds
are too slow to keep up he's now flying
with Falcons the peregrine falcon to be
exact which can fly horizontally at an
average speed of 56 miles per hour but
can bump it up to 69 miles per hour
there are even quicker feathered beings
like the bald eagle soaring through the
air at 75 miles per hour and topping at
99 when it really tries some recent
studies showed that our flying mammal
relatives bats can reach an astonishing
100 miles per hour and still be beat by
the white throated needle tails 105
miles per hour that all would be just
enough to ruin James day for good if not
for a small plane he rented for this
occasion now flying at 124 miles per
hour it seems like nothing can stop it
yet it's Jim's old rival the peregrine
falcon that swoops in to retake the
crown watching as Jim zooms ahead
the bird only smirks as it dives toward
the ground at 240 miles per hour
it must be swooping down for some lunch
well it's all over then give it up dude
just pack your stuff and fly back home
on a jumbo jet
he's only cruising yet the speedometer
reads 600 miles per hour and we have a
champion folks you're not a personal
record to be fair but a victory
nonetheless maybe one person can't be
the fastest being in the world but
humanity can reach speeds that are
simply unimaginable for any other living
creature and today we thank James for
proving that hey if you learn something
new today then give this video a like
and share it with a friend and here are
some other cool videos I think you'll
enjoy just click to the left or the
right and remember stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]